Please fill the description against every applicable field.
Status of previous goals (Set By SM/Manager)
Mention each short term goal and its status clearly mentioning what was done to achieve that.
Completed CCNA 6 months certification course from Corvit Lahore. 
Hands-on experience of configuring IP Phones, Network link speed testing, switches configuration and troubleshooting etc.
Hands-on experience of system administration like configuration DHCP,AD, DNS etc.
Understating of bash scripting and changing the already working scripts according to the user requirements. 

What are your strengths?
*
Please explain in detail why you think these are your strengths and give an example where they benefited you and the company.
My strengths are following:

Ability to troubleshoot and resolve a wide range of technical issues efficiently.
Excellent customer service skills to interact with end-users in a professional and helpful manner.
Efficient time management to prioritize and handle multiple support tickets simultaneously.
Collaboration with other IT professionals and departments to resolve issues and implement solutions.
Keeping abreast of new technologies and industry trends.
What are your areas of improvement?
*
Please explain in detail why you think these are your areas of improvement and give an example where they held you back.
The areas of my improvement are following:
Needs to understand firewall administration.
I needs to enhance my English communication skills significantly.
I have enrolled in cloud computing (AWS)  course in Corvit system sponsored by government.
What are your short term goals you set by yourself (not by SM/Manager)?
*
Please explain in detail why you chose them and what steps have you taken for achieving them.
My short term goals are following;
Firewall administration.
Amazon Web Services.
Attempt CCNA exam.
What are your long term goals set by yourself (not by SM/Manager)?
*
Please explain in detail why you chose them and what steps have you taken for achieving them.
My long term goals are following:
In-depth knowledge in IT Support, System Administration, and Networking skills.
Learn and understand cloud computing and DevOps tools.
What improvements have you brought in yourself/your team in last 6 months?